---
title: '2025-03-27'
slug: 20250327-1hqkbc
url: /post/20250327-1hqkbc.html
date: '2025-03-27 10:56:47+08:00'
lastmod: '2025-03-27 10:59:37+08:00'
toc: true
isCJKLanguage: true
---





## 日常表

|项目|是否完成(0/1)|备注|
| ------------| :-------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|喝八杯水|||
|吃早餐|0|没吃，起来太晚了|
|吃午餐|1|吃了|
|吃晚餐|||
|正念练习|||
|运动|||
|阅读|||
|睡眠||睡了 7 小时，02:13-9:22，睡的太晚了。应该没有到10:22，我应该是九点半醒的，估计是手环搞错了|
|代码训练|||
|写一个博客|||
|练字|||
|英语阅读|||
|英语口语|||
|英语听力|||

## 日志

15:25:53

昨天睡得太晚了，今天一直感觉头疼。昨天的TODO没怎么做，今天的还是没怎么做。

13:06:16

screen不知道为什么一直卡死，换成tmux了

11:35:18

吃完午饭了

10:58:09

今天的TODO：

1. 408学习，再怎么说，都是必须要做的
2. C++代码
3. 编译原理和数据库
4. 写个博客
5. 正念练习

刚刚把两个项目的代码修了一下，gemini似乎八国联军了。

> ### Formal Practice
>
> Read *The Body Scan Meditation*. On the first day, do the *Raisin Meditation* (have two raisins and a glass of water handy). For the next five days, do the *Body Scan*. Don’t expect to feel anything in particular from these practices. In fact, give up all expectations about it. Just let your experience be your experience.
>
> Audio guidance for the practices can be found through the top menu on any of the Palouse pages. **NOTE:**  One of your six formal practices can be one of the live meditations from a meeting listed on the *Zoom Meeting* page.
>
> Record on this form each time you do a practice. In the comment field, put just a few words to remind you of your impressions of that particular practice: what came up, how it felt, what you noticed in terms of physical sensations, emotions, thoughts, etc. It’s important to write the comments immediately after the practice because it will be hard to reconstruct later.
>
> Once you have done at least six days of practice and feel that you've gotten the essence of this "Week", you may go to the next week, although you can stay here longer if that feels right.
>
> ### Informal Practice
>
> Each day this week, see if you can bring mindful awareness to some otherwise routine activity and record it on the *Informal Practice Log (Simple Awareness)* .
>
> ---
>
> ### Seven-Day Practice Table (2025-03-26 — 2025-04-01)
>
> |Date|Formal Practice|Comments (Impressions)|Informal Practice (Routine Activity)|Comments (Awareness)|
> | ----------| -----------------------------| ----------------------| ------------------------------------| --------------------|
> |2025-03-26|Body Scan|还行，十分钟，还可以|||
> |2025-03-27|Body Scan||||
> |2025-03-28|Body Scan||||
> |2025-03-29|Body Scan||||
> |2025-03-30|Body Scan||||
> |2025-03-31|Body Scan||||
> |2025-04-01|(Optional: Live or Body Scan)||||
>
> Fill in the "Comments" fields after each practice with a few words about your experience, as described above. Adjust the final day based on whether you choose a live meditation or continue with the Body Scan.
